leetcode-jump-game-iv/README.md, before:

# 1345. Jump Game IV [Minimum jumps to reach the end]
`Hard`

Given an array of integers arr, you are initially positioned at the first index of the array.

In one step you can jump from index `i` to index:

- `i + 1` where: `i + 1 < arr.length`.
- `i - 1` where: `i - 1 >= 0`.
- `j` where: `arr[i] == arr[j]` and `i != j`.
  
Return the minimum number of steps to reach the **last index** of the array.

Notice that you can not jump outside of the array at any time.

### **Example 1:**

```
Input: arr = [100,-23,-23,404,100,23,23,23,3,404]
Output: 3
Explanation: You need three jumps from index 0 --> 4 --> 3 --> 9. Note that index 9 is the last index of the array.
```

### **Example 2:**

```
Input: arr = [7]
Output: 0
Explanation: Start index is the last index. You do not need to jump.
```

### **Example 3:**

```
Input: arr = [7,6,9,6,9,6,9,7]
Output: 1
Explanation: You can jump directly from index 0 to index 7 which is last index of the array.
``` 

### **Constraints:**

- `1 <= arr.length <= 5 * 104`
- `-108 <= arr[i] <= 108`

Commit message:

rust solution min jumps to reach end
read REAME.md for details

 Date:      Fri Aug 5 22:12:09 2022 +0530

 On branch min-jumps-to-reach-end

 Changes to be committed:
	modified:   leetcode-jump-game-iv/README.md
	modified:   leetcode-jump-game-iv/src/lib.rs

leetcode-jump-game-iv/README.md, after:

# 1345. Jump Game IV [Minimum jumps to reach the end]

`Hard`

Given an array of integers arr, you are initially positioned at the first index of the array.

In one step you can jump from index `i` to index:

- `i + 1` where: `i + 1 < arr.length`.
- `i - 1` where: `i - 1 >= 0`.
- `j` where: `arr[i] == arr[j]` and `i != j`.

Return the minimum number of steps to reach the **last index** of the array.

Notice that you can not jump outside of the array at any time.

### **Example 1:**

```
Input: arr = [100,-23,-23,404,100,23,23,23,3,404]
Output: 3
Explanation: You need three jumps from index 0 --> 4 --> 3 --> 9. Note that index 9 is the last index of the array.
```

### **Example 2:**

```
Input: arr = [7]
Output: 0
Explanation: Start index is the last index. You do not need to jump.
```

### **Example 3:**

```
Input: arr = [7,6,9,6,9,6,9,7]
Output: 1
Explanation: You can jump directly from index 0 to index 7 which is last index of the array.
```

### **Constraints:**

- `1 <= arr.length <= 5 * 104`
- `-108 <= arr[i] <= 108`

## **Solution**

> ### Runtime: `71 ms`, faster than `100.00%` of Rust online submissions for Jump Game IV.
>
> ### Memory Usage: `7.7` MB, less than `100.00%` of Rust online submissions for Jump Game IV.
